BigAnimal: EHA Postgres distributions (#4181)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/biganimal/release/overview/deployment_options/postgres_admin_user.mdx

---

> title: BigAnimal's cloud account ba_admin_user

Reviewer: "BigAnimal's cloud account" is a strange way to describe this.

Author: I thought these builds, and therefore, the user, only applied to BAH. Is that not the case?

Reviewer: That's a separate question (it will go to BYOA as well). My concern is more about using the phrase "BigAnimal's cloud account" itself.

Author: My first draft of this content assumed that the builds and new role and user only applied to BAH. Hence the confusion. I'm about to commit a new version that doesn't have a need to refer to BAH.

> title: BigAnimal's cloud account ba_admin_user

Reviewer: This page should talk about getting superuser for BYOA.

Author: Is the self service superuser feature specific to BYOA and the ba_admin_user specific to BAH?

Reviewer: No; BAPG is for all BigAnimals, and self-service superuser is only for BYOA.

---

Learn about what operations the pg_ba_admin user can perform and what Postgres built-in roles it has.

## What pg_ba_admin can do
The pg_ba_admin user can perform the following operations:
- Create roles
- Create databases
- Read and write to all user objects (tables, views, and so on)
- Perform all monitoring functions on the Postgres instance (it has the pg_monitor role)
- Install supported EDB extensions (see [Supported Postgres extensions and tools](biganimal/latest/overview/extensions_tools/))

## What pg_ba_admin can't do

> Using any Postgres distribution, the pg_ba_admin user can't perform the following operations that a Postgres superuser can:

Reviewer: The overloading of "distribution" here is weird. Can we just remove the part of the sentence before the comma?

> - Execute programs on the server (pg_ba_admin doesn't have the pg_server_programs privileges)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Execute programs on the server (pg_ba_admin doesn't have the `pg_execute_server_program` role)
```

- Create tablespaces
- Read and write files on the server (pg_ba_admin doesn't have the permissions pg_read_server_files and pg_write_server_files)

> - Execute the qreplace_function

Reviewer: Incorrect underscore here?

Author: trying to get this confirmed

Author: The hyphen is correct

- Define LEAKPROOF functions
- Use portions of the DBMS package that require writing the network or the filesystem

> - Set parameters related to edb_audit

Reviewer: We don't deploy `edb_audit` on PostgreSQL.

Reviewer: We already have a section for other distros, right?

Author: This section applies to all distros and the next section are additional items that apply only to EPAS.
